Add DetermineSpinStateOrder algorithm for PolSans epic (#39600)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/algorithms/DetermineSpinStateOrder-v1.rst

.. algorithm::

.. summary::

.. relatedalgorithms::

.. properties::

Description
-----------

Takes a Polarised SANS transmission run and attempts to determine the spin state for each run period.

> To determine if the RF flipper is on or not the algorithm uses the spin flipper current log, to determine the beam polarisation the
> algorithm compares the period transmission to the average transmission (greater than the average suggests the same state as the flipper).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The average current through the RF flipper for every run is extracted from the appropriate spin flipper log in the instrument. The beam polarisation is determined by 
comparing each period transmission to the average transmission (greater than the average suggests the same state as the flipper).

```

.. algorithm::

.. summary::

.. relatedalgorithms::

.. properties::

Description
-----------

Takes a Polarised SANS transmission run and attempts to determine the spin state for each run period.

The average current through the RF flipper for every run is extracted from the appropriate spin flipper log in the instrument. The beam polarisation is determined by
comparing each period transmission to the average transmission (greater than the average suggests the same state as the flipper).

> If the data is from LARMOR or ZOOM, properties **SpinFlipperLogName** and **SpinFlipperAverageCurrent** can be inferred by the algorithm (don't need to be set).

Reviewer: Perhaps I would be more explicit here, telling what logs are we using and that this can be overridden if a value is set in the optional properties.
